Fix match option to only consider basename when given a path argument (#550)
PyCQA/pydocstyle: docs/release_notes.rst

* Add support for Python 3.10 (#554).
* Replace D10X errors with D419 if docstring exists but is empty (#559).

Bug Fixes

> * Fix ``--match`` option to only consider filename when matching full paths (#550).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix ``--match`` option to consider both the base filename and the full-path when matching full paths (#550).
```
